Nice comments today—both of you!
So, Mom, will we . . .
. . . go to the park?
Hmm, I think so.
Yes!
Oh, OK!
We just have to wait a bit for Dad
and then see what he says.
Here comes Dad!
Oh, it looks like somebody needs a ride.
Thank you so much.
I hope this doesn’t spoil your plans.
What a beautiful afternoon!
All right, we’re going to take Wilfred home
and help him with a few things. OK?
I’ll get the tools.
Caleb, you know,
today you can make something
Jesus made all the time.
Make something?
What?
A sacrifice.
How?
Well, Jesus worked hard.
And sometimes he had plans to rest.
But when people needed his help,
he made a sacrifice, . . .
Jesus!
Help us!
. . . giving up what he wanted to do . . .
. . . to help someone else.
Right!
And how did that make him feel?
Happy—even if he
didn’t get to go to the park.